Week 1
We formed our group and established our project (SkillsBackpack). I set up Confluence pages for collboration and documentation. 
I worked with Alex on writing the problem statement and project background.
I also researched some existing APIs and software frameworks we could use for our project.
We had another meeting halfway through the week to catch up and assigned more work for the coming week.

Week 2
I primarily worked on the ER diagram this week, establishing the data layers of our system and how our backend systems would interact.
I also did more research into the frameworks we would use for our project and set up the team GitHub repository with all the 
base files and skeletons for our application.
Worked together in our second meeting to establish our sprint plan and agree upon story sizes and priorities.
Also set up some of the database middlewares in preparation for the official start of the first sprint.

Week 3
Started our first sprint. Outlined some of the specific features and behaviours of the API with Miran and Charmaine.
Worked on database middlewares to connect our API to the SQL schema Gordon created.
Also wrote some of the first API endpoints for login and createAccount. Most of the time was spent troubleshooting
database queries and fine tuning tables and attributes.

Week 4
Started the week troubleshooting some connection issues with the API. Debugged some minor issues encountered with consumption
of the API. Also had a brief look at some issues with CORS.
I also wrote a few endpoints to implement skills administration account creation.
I then looked at integration with the SendGrid API to send email invites. I started by implementing a basic email invite system.
Later in the week I added a front end interface for course admin creation and linked the email through the url to autofill email
on account creation.

Week 5
We presented our sprint 1 demo at the start of the week and performed our retrospective immediately after.
We took on some feedback from Rachid, and I worked to remedy some issues with our system (fixing our login page, adding password encryption)
I then wrote up all the endpoints relating to working with employment records on user portfolios.
Later in the week, I worked with Gordon to revise the entire database structure around ePortfolios. I then wrote up endpoints to get ePortfolio information
as well as to manage skills for both candidates and employers.

Week 6
During the break week we altered our sprint plan to move into two week sprints. Taking on feedback from our first demo, I worked to fix some of the minor issues pointed out.
This included adding encryption for password storage, as well as cleaning up our login interface. This week I primarily worked on ePortfolio links.
I worked independently on both the frontend and backend to implement creation and viewing of designated ePortfolio links.
I also assisted in resolving a variety of bugs that came up relating to previous endpoints.

Week 7

