Week 1
We established our group and decided on the SkillsBackpack as our project. I worked with Kevin on the problem statement 
and backgroud for our Proposal. Also as I was designated the Scrum master, once we had decided on the various user stories 
I orgnised them onto the Confluence and Jira pages. I also started thinking about how we could categorise them and place them 
into the various sprints.

Week 2
This week I mainly worked on finalising the proposal by going over all the details as well as sorting out all our user stories
and acceptance criteria into the relevant tasks and sprint plan based on our team discussion earlier in the week. We also 
established the story points and priority of the stories. I also did some research on APIs to get a better on them in
preparation for the first sprint.

Week 3
We started our first sprint this week which mainly revolved around setting up the database and determining API endpoints. My 
role was mainly focused on finalising our proposal which was due on Sunday where I collated all our different parts and added 
in a few new sections such as the differentiating features of our system. I also began looking into Candidate accounts and how
to enable them to change their account details, passwords, delete account, etc.

Week 4
This week I am looking at the account details and specifically the editing of account details across all different users as 
well as the ability for all users to change their password and verify these changes. This will allow the users to go into 
their account and change any of this information once their account has already been created.

Week 5
This week I finished off updating user data so now all users can change their account details such as their name, university,
graduation year, company, etc. Users are also able to change their password which also requires verification before they are 
able to do so. Also, following this weeks meeting, we have decided to change up our sprint plan to fit the guideline a bit 
better so I have been making those chages in our Jira. 

Week 6
We've close our previous sprint and started the current one which we will be demoing in week 8. I've completely finished the
updating user details where they no longer need a password verification to edit simple details such as name, univeristy, 
company, etc. since they will already be logged in. I also broke out password into its own api so that it can be easily accessed
from a frontend perspective. This will still require password verification just for better security. For the next sprint I've
started working on the candidate EPs and I'll also be finalising the retrospective which is due in next week.